---
layout: post
title: "Old Cars"
categories: misc
---

I like fixing cars, it’s a hobby of mine. We own cars that are over 20 years old and often have more than 300k miles on them.  The day before I left for Hawaii, both Kathy's and my cars were running just fine.  I felt confident that even if one car had a problem, she could then drive the other one.

Our three sons live in a house in Redmond.  The plan was for Kevin to ride to the airport and then drive the car back to the house where it would be on my return.  I picked up Kevin and we headed south towards SeaTac airport.  Then, without warning, the car began sputtering as if the engine was going to quit at any moment.  No warning.  On the way to the airport.  I like fixing cars.  Just not on the way to the airport.

Fortunately, we were less than 2 miles from Kevin’s house.  We were able to limp back whereupon Kevin drove his car (also a 20+ year old car).  The flight was delayed by an hour so no harm was done other than to cause stress.  But that was disconcerting enough for one day.  However...

As soon as I landed in Hawaii I received a text from Kathy that her car overheated while away from home.  She knows not to drive once an engine overheats to prevent permanent damage.  But alas!  Two cars in one day?!  I like fixing cars.  Just not from 3,000 miles away.  I felt helpless and Kathy was left without transportation.  I had not even been gone for one day and I was needed back home.

Fortunately, our son Kevin stepped in to be the hero.  In his spare time he diagnosed and fixed both cars.  Mine needed a new ignition coil and Kathy’s needed coolant and a new radiator cap (he is still checking for other coolant leaks).  It is a great pleasure to see how Kevin has learned so much about auto mechanics, much of it on his own.  He has an engineers logic and is a great blessing to us.  Maybe Kevin likes fixing cars too.

*[Mat 6:34 ESV] Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble.*